they strew scatter and smash rice flour
and other much needed food these
Israelis are determined to prevent this
aid from reaching Palestinians in
Gaza this Convoy was on its way from
Jordan to the besieged strip through
Hebron in the occupied West Bank where
it was attacked on Monday human rights
lawyer sapir slka amran was
there behind us you can see the settlers
Jewish extremists throwing Aid meant for
Gaza the Army is here the police have
left Israeli police insists they're
investigating while Amron says they did
nothing to prevent it I saw how the
police and the IDF supported them in a
way that they just allowed them to do
whatever they want on the ground I never
saw that someone was arrested even I
when I was
attacked the sabotage didn't end there
as the sunet many of the Israelis came
back and set three of the a trucks on
fire the light of day exposed the
severity of the damage the White House
has condemned the attack on the aid
trucks it is a total outrage that there
are people who are attacking and looting
these convoys coming from Jordan going
to uh Gaza to deliver humanitarian
assistance we are looking at the tools
that we have to respond to
this but this is not the first time it's
happened Israeli protesters have been
blocking a deliveries to Gaza at the
Karam Abu Salam Crossing for
months last week protesters used rocks
to block a road in southern Israel that
was being used to deliver Aid to Gaza
drone videos showed truck after truck
backed up for kilometers people in Gaza
are starving the head of the UN world
food program says a full-blown famine in
Northern Gaza is working its way South
there Israel aens when Rua has severely
hindered aid from entering through the
Karam Abu salum
Crossing when the crossing is even not
functioning for a day this is having a
significant impact on the response that
we are able to provide here so for seven
days now without humanitarian a Aid
coming in it's a complete disaster here
a complete disaster the aid blocked and
destroyed by this group of Israelis is
just a fraction of what's needed the UN
says Israel is responsible for what it
calls an entirely man-made starvation in
Gaza Lura Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer